Skip CI check and semgrep schedule change (#46)
awslabs/graphstorm: CONTRIBUTING.md

3. Ensure local tests pass.
4. Commit to your fork using clear commit messages.
5. Send us a pull request, answering any default questions in the pull request interface.

> 6. **Do not** label your pull request as ***draft*** - we will not be able to merge the pull request in this case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Label your pull request to **draft** if you are actively updating the PR. With this tag, your PR will not trigger the CI pipeline. Remember to remove the **draft** tag once your PR is ready.
```
